Fore knowledge:
Relays own their own public key/private key RSA keypair (their own onion key.)
Diffie Helman Key exchange is a keypair. The public key can be sent out and shared freely.
Anyone who takes the public key that was sent out can use their own diffie helman keypair to calculate a shared secret.
This enables a shared secret to be established even with under constant surveillance from a third party, as long as he does not obtain
either of the private keys.

Circuit construction is achieved by sending a cell encrypted using the public key of the relay.
Say you have the following members:
Alice - A()
Bob - B()
Carol - C()
Danny - D()
Trudy - T()

Alice wishes to connect to Trudy via the onion router, composed of the following relayers - Bob, Carol, Danny.
Bob, Carol and Danny do not initially know of the existence of Trudy and Alice.
Alice also has the public key of all 3 relayers, and knows of their IP addresses.


Alice hence begins by generating diffie helman key pairs. (She generates three)
Alice now takes the first key pair,and connects to Bob, alerting him of her existence.
She also sends the first half of a diffie helman key exchange pair to him.
This half of a key exchange was encrypted using Bob's public key, so no one can decrypt it enroute.
Bob calculates this shared secret by using his half of the diffie helman key that he generates.
He then sends back his half of the diffie helman key exchange, while also signing the cell he sends back using his private RSA key.

Alice takes the cell, verifies the signature (after extracting it from the cell) and calculates her half of the shared secret.
Using the shared secret to initiate an AES channel, Alice and Bob now have secure communications.



To further extend the circuit, Alice will encrypt the second keypair using Carol's public key.
She then sends this new cell through the secure AES channel, labelling its destination on the outside of the cell (although it is covered by AES in transit).
Bob receives this, and decrypts the message using his shared AES secret. 
He will not be able to understand the inner encrypted portion (the half of the diffie helman that Alice encrypted to Carol).
He however will be able to see the outer label that states to forward it to Carol, making him aware of Carol being the next hop for this cell.
Bob will proceed to extend the circuit by forwarding the key to the next relay, Carol.
Carol, upon receiving the cell, will only be able to tell two things.
1. She received the cell from Bob
2. There is one half of a diffie helman key exchange here.
3. It was encrypted using her public key.
This is because of the lack of any of Alice's identity (she generated a completely new keypair to send to Carol) on the cell.
Carol proceeds to verify it is a keypair, and sends her half of the exchange through Bob, while signing the cell.
Bob will receive this and at most, be aware that Carol is sending her half of an exchange to Alice. But without Alice's private key, or Carol's private key,
he cannot pose as Carol, and can only send it back. 
(the worst he can do is not send it, but Alice will become aware of this and probably attempt another connection)

Assuming Bob sends it back, Alice can now look at the cell, verify the signature, and calculate her half of the exchange for Carol.

Afterwards, Alice will then send another cell to Carol, through Bob.
Carol still only knows Bob is on the other end of the connection, but is unaware of Alice.
Alice will first encrypt her last diffie helman key exchange with Danny's public key, mark it with Danny's Address,
then encrypt it again with Carol's AES channel key, mark it with Carol's address, 
and encrypt it one more time with Bob's AES channel key before sending it to Bob.

Bob decrypts, and forwards it to Carol, unable to read more then the intended destination.
Carol, unable to read the inside, only able to see the intended destination, sends the cell to Danny.
Danny verifies his by signing the cell, calculates his half of the diffie helman exchange, and pushes a reply to Carol.
Carol is able to see this, and encrypts the data with her AES channel key to Bob, and sends it to Bob.
Bob will encrypt it again with the AES channel key he shares with Alice, and send it to Alice.

Because of this, Carol is aware she is connecting to Danny, but is only aware that Bob requested she make a connection to Danny using the key exchange.
Carol could see the unencrypted keypair Danny sent back, 
but could not do maliciously edit it due to the lack of Danny's private key for the signature,
and also could not maliciously edit it due to the lack of Alice's private keypair to obtain the shared secret.


To summarize, now Alice can simply send cells over these shared secrets channels she established with each of them, through them, 
and only Danny is able to see the final output.
She does this by doing: B( C(D("Some GET request") +  Danny's Address) + Carol's Address)

Bob is aware of Alice and Carol but does not know what is going through him
Carol is aware that she is relaying from Bob to Danny but cannot see anything else.
Danny is aware he is receiving GET requests from Carol, but is unaware of Bob or Alice. He is also able to see the final intended destination of the message.
